Metric exporter (#978)
appsignal/appsignal-nodejs: .changesets/add-metric-exporter.md

---
bump: "minor"
type: "add"
---

> With the OpenTelemetry metric exporter initialized by default, the integration will send default metrics from the instrumentations,
> and also allows you to send your custom metrics to AppSignal to build your own dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenTelemetry metric exporter is now initialized by default. The integration will send default metrics from the instrumentations, and also allows you to send your custom metrics using OpenTelemetry to AppSignal to build your own dashboards.
```
